Okay,
guys on Welcome back.
Now,
At the moment,
what we've done is we've managed to read data from a specific cells.
We've learned all about selecting different cells.
We learned how to write data to cells.
We've learned how to read data from cells.
But what we may want to do is get the user's input and to use that,
we're going to use a couple of functions,
both of which are input boxes.
One is called the input box function,
which we're gonna have a look at in this lecture on the next one is the input box method.
No,
don't worry too much about the differences between the two.
You'll see them as we go through them in this example.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm going to write a piece of code.
I've already written the code,
so I'm just gonna pay sitting here.
So I'm declaring the variables and we'll have three variables.
All of them are strings response.
One response to Andi my string.
So to write an input box statement,
what we're gonna do is say response one equals and then we're gonna type the word input box
.
And then when I hit open brackets.
You'll see we have been asked for a prompt.
So I'm gonna say is please enter your first name.
Not not not close quotes.
I'm gonna hit comma and you can see that the next thing we want is the title.
But before we get there,
I'm gonna hit space on underscore and hit Enter.
So we're still on the same line of code.
We just broken it down into another line to make it easier to read.
So open quotes.
The title is Christian name and I want it closed Quotes on.
I'm gonna finish there by just closing the brackets on Gonna click off and you can see that
response ones automatically capitalized because we have already declared the valuable a bit
up here on now I'm just going to copy that code,
going to paste it underneath ongoing a money fight slightly and say response to because
that will be our second burial variable,
please into your last name and only change that too,
sir.
Name.
Okay,
so let's just step through.
That hits in F eight.
So response one on when we press center,
we can see that this little box pops up Christian name,
which is exactly what it says here in the title.
Please enter your first name.
My first name is Alan.
Okay.
And there were down toe line to some in the press f eight.
Please enter your last name,
Jarvis.
And okay,
if I hover over one,
you can see that the variable response one contains my first input,
which was Alan on response to our second variable.
Has the name Jarvis,
because that was the second thing I typed in.
So I'm just gonna press stop for now and know what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna build a string
using those two inputs.
So I'm gonna say is the third variable.
My string equals open quotes.
Pleased to meet murdered,
please to meet you,
comma space,
close quotes and response one.
And I'm just going to hit the underscore there so I could move down toe onto another line,
Andi,
because I'm joining it together now.
I'm gonna want another space in here.
Otherwise we're not gonna have a space between response one on response to so quotes,
space quotes Andi never wanna stick response to in the end response to So let's execute
that money click off Notice what happens to my string?
I'm pointing at the screen here.
Even though you can't see that that's automatically been capitalize.
So let's step through that again.
My first name is Alan.
Andi F ate.
My last name is Jarvis.
Andi.
Okay on.
Then this string is going to be built using police to meet you.
Andi,
My response one under space on my response to It's just like in Katyn,
ating in excel said.
Then when I hover over my string,
you can see that we now get the combined string.
Pleased to meet you,
comma space Alan Jarvis.
Okay.
Know,
it could be that we want to write that to a cell,
and we know how to do that.
So what we gonna do,
which we just can say range from rackets,
open quotes,
one close quote,
close brackets dot value because we're gonna change the property value of range A one we're
going to say that is going to equal my string.
So I'm just gonna hit run,
and that's going to run all the way through.
So play into your first name.
It is,
Alan.
And to your last name.
It is Jarvis on Hit.
Enter on.
There you go.
You can see that our tech cering successfully been built using this block of coaches here.
And then that combined string has been written to a one.
So they go,
please to meet you,
Alan Jarvis.
Okay.
And the next lecture,
we're gonna have a look.
A casing,
So I'll see you in the next lecture.